All right, this wraps up the Lesson 3D for
installing the Ubuntu operating
system by fast boot,
flashing it onto your Dragonboard 410C.
I want to kinda go over what
we went over in this lesson.
First, we took you through the website,
taught you where and how to
download all the binaries and the boot
loader for the Ubuntu operating system.
>> And then once we had everything
we needed to start flashing,
we then carry the path variable.
Path variable is just a tool to help
us access the executable fast boot,
the fast boot executable faster.
And then the second thing we did in that
same video was we showed you how to modify
the flashall file.
The flashall file was just a script file
that allows us to flash everything we need
in just one go instead of having
to flash everything individually.
And then lastly,
in the next video after that,
we showed you guys how to actually start
flashing everything onto the Dragonboard.
So we connected the USB
to the Dragonboard,
made sure the switches were
in the right configuration.
And then we just started executing
the script file, and then
we flashed the boot image file and then we
flashed the root fs file, and there we go.
If you had everything
flashed onto Dragonboard and
the Linaro operating system
should be on the Dragonboard now.
So hopefully, you were successfully
able to get the Linaro operating system
onto your Dragonboard.
And if not you can look at
our documentations, and
we'll see you on our future videos.